Document individual search query string (#4955)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/tables/docs/03-columns/01-getting-started.md

TextColumn::make('title')->searchable(isIndividual: true, isGlobal: false)
```

> You may optionally persist the search in the query string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may optionally persist the searches in the query string:
```

```php
protected $queryString = [

>     ...,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // ...
```

> If you want to have the search persisted in the query string, you have to add `tableColumnSearchQueries` to the `queryString` property :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may optionally persist the search in the query string:
```

>     protected $queryString = [
>         ...,
>         'tableColumnSearchQueries',
>     ];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
protected $queryString = [
    ...,
    'tableColumnSearchQueries',
];
```
